brackets-htmlformat
==================

Brackets extension adding HTML Format commands to menu bar and common keyboard shortcuts.

The main purpose behind this extension was to add common hotkeys to insert Bold and Italic 
tags around highlighted copy in HTML documents. My coworkers started talking about Brackets 
and that I should use it. I gave it a shot, but the lack of common HTML hotkeys caused me to 
look into making an extension for adding in something that I use everyday.

This is my first Brackets extension and first GIT, so please go easy on me if I did it wrong.

==================
Update - June 12, 2015
Added preference menu option to be able to set keyboard shortcuts for any of the HTML tags/styles 
or change the default keyboard shortcuts.

The issues with the add blank tag feature should be fixed. It is still, for me, a bit of a 
complicated thing to have figured out how to do so there may be issues present still or it 
may not be the best possible implementation of such a feature.

==================
Update - June 18, 2015
Currently working on fixes for the preference menu when displayed using different themes other 
than the default light theme. Fixed the Control key being listed twice for Mac OS in preferences.
Fixed checking either Bold/Strong or Italic/Emphasis checkboxes triggering the duplicate 
keyboard shorcut warning.

==================
Update - June 30, 2015
Seem to have fixed errors generated by Brackets when going back and forth between HTML and non-HTML 
documents. Next planned set of features are to attempt to recognize when the cursor is within a 
style tag or inline styles attribute and insert the appropriate style (if available) based on the 
tag that is being added from a keyboard shortcut or menu item selection.
